This tutorial will be exploring different ways of rendering a list of
items in Lit!

## Previous knowledge
It's recommended to have an understanding of
[defining a component](/docs/components/defining/),
[rendering](/docs/components/rendering/), and
[reactive properties](/docs/components/properties/) before
working on this tutorial. The [Intro to Lit](/tutorials/intro-to-lit/) tutorial
is a great place to start.

## What you'll learn
- Rendering a list from an array
- Utilizing the `map` directive
- Imperatively building an array of items to render
- Utilizing the `repeat` directive

## Rendering a list
Lit has build-it support for iterables of any supported values. The example
has a custom element set up with the `names` property contaning an array of
strings. This is then placed as a child expression in the template returned
from the render method of the component.

Notice that Lit takes all the strings and renders them one after another.
It would be nice to add semantic markup for each string in the array to turn
it into a bulleted list.

Turn the array of strings into an array of templates by using the `.map`
array prototype method that returns a template wrapping each string in a list
item(`<li>`) tag.

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
// my-element.ts
${this.names.map((name) => html`<li>${name}</li>`)}
```

```js
// my-element.js
${this.names.map((name) => html`<li>${name}</li>`)}
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

This leverages Lit's ability to easily compose templates by placing an array
of templates returned by the `map` method directly into the template being
rendered by the component.