When rendering an array, Lit will create a list of DOM nodes and update them
in the order of the data in the array (reusing any previously rendered nodes) 
each render. This is usually fine and efficient but sometimes it's preferable
to control how each item is tied to the DOM element so that the DOM element is
moved rather than its content updated.

For instance, take a look at the example component presented here where each
todo item is rendered as a list item with a checkbox. There are buttons to sort
these items in ascending or descending alphabetical order. Check one of the
items and change the sort order. Notice that the item's label text changes but
not the position of the checked box. This is because Lit keeps track of the
list of DOM nodes with the checkbox state as they are and just updates the
values that goes into the expression so only the label text changes since the
checkbox state is not controlled by Lit.

If the intention is to keep the list item and checkbox tied to the specific
item of the array, the `repeat` directive can be of help. Using this directive
with a key function lets Lit maintain the key-to-DOM association between
updates by moving the generated DOM when required.

To update the current implementaion, start by importing the `repeat` directive.

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
// my-element.ts
import {repeat} from 'lit/directives/repeat.js';
```

```js
// my-element.js
import {repeat} from 'lit/directives/repeat.js';
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

Then use it in place of the `map` prototype method within the render, providing
the iterable, a key function that returns a unique identifier for a particular
item, and the template to render for each item.

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
// my-element.ts
${repeat(
  this.items,
  (item) => item.id,
  (item) => html`<li><label><input type="checkbox">${item.task}</label></li>`
)}
```

```js
// my-element.js
${repeat(
  this.items,
  (item) => item.id,
  (item) => html`<li><label><input type="checkbox">${item.task}</label></li>`
)}
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

Confirm that this is working correctly by checking an item and changing the
sort order. The check mark should now be moving to be next to the originally
checked list item.

<aside class="positive">
The key function provided must return a unique key for an item. A key function
that simply returns the index would have the same behavior as using
<code>map</code>. See the <a href="/docs/templates/directives/#repeat">
documentation</a> for more details.
</aside>