Creating a list is also useful for rendering repeated patterns like a game
board, for instance.

The `range()` directive provides a simple way of creating an iterable of
incrementing integers which can be used with the `map()` directive to
programmatically render a list of templates in a convenient manner. Nesting this
allows you to create multi-dimensional patterns.

The example component already has some styles defined to create an 8 by 8 board
to be filled with `<div>`s whose background color will be determined by adding
classes "black" or "white".

Start by importing both directives.

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
// my-element.ts
import {range} from 'lit/directives/range.js';
import {map} from 'lit/directives/map.js';
```

```js
// my-element.js
import {range} from 'lit/directives/range.js';
import {map} from 'lit/directives/map.js';
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

Use these directives to create black and white squares like a chess
board.

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
// my-element.ts
  render() {
    return html`
      ⋮
      <div id="board">
        ${map(range(8), (row) => map(range(8), (col) => html`
          <div class="${getColor(row, col)}">${getLabel(row, col)}</div>
        `))}
      </div>
    `;
  }
```

```js
// my-element.js
  render() {
    return html`
      ⋮
      <div id="board">
        ${map(range(8), (row) => map(range(8), (col) => html`
          <div class="${getColor(row, col)}">${getLabel(row, col)}</div>
        `))}
      </div>
    `;
  }
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

This works like a nested `for` loop for generating a 2 dimensional grid.

The `range()` directive is used to generate an iterable of integers from 0 to 7
that's passed into the `map()` directive. For each of the `row` integers, a
range of `column` integers from 0 to 7 are generated and mapped to result in a
`<div>`. The class names and the text content are derived from the
`row`-`column` coordinate.

{% aside "info" "no-header" %}

The `range()` directive's output is customizable by providing additional
arguments that control `start`, `end`, and the increment `step`. See the [range
documentation](/docs/templates/directives/#range).

{% endaside %}
