When using the `map()` directive or just providing an iterable within the
template, Lit creates a list of DOM nodes and updates them in the iteration
order, efficiently reusing any previously rendered nodes. This technique
should only be used when Lit controls all of the rendered state (as is commonly
the case).

However, when relying instead on the DOM nodes to maintain state that **isn't**
controlled by Lit, unexpected behavior can occur as the example below will
demonstrate. In this case, use the `repeat()` directive instead.

## Example

Take a look at this example where each task item is rendered as a `<li>` with a
checkbox using the `map()` directive. There are buttons to sort the list items
in ascending or descending alphabetical order. The label text is provided by a
template expression but there is **no explicit component state** to hold whether
the item is checked or not.

Check one of the items and change the sort order. Notice that the item's label
text changes but not the position of the checked box. This is because the
checkbox state, which is not controlled by Lit, stays with the DOM nodes. During
update, Lit only updates the value of the text node holding the label without
reordering the DOM nodes.

Use the `repeat()` directive to keep the list item and checkbox tied to the
specific item of the array. Using this directive with a key function lets Lit
maintain the **key-to-DOM** association between updates by moving the DOM nodes
when required.

Begin by importing the `repeat()` directive.

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
// my-element.ts
import {repeat} from 'lit/directives/repeat.js';
```

```js
// my-element.js
import {repeat} from 'lit/directives/repeat.js';
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

Use `repeat()` in place of the `map()` directive, providing the iterable, a key
function that returns a unique identifier for a particular item, and the
template to render for each item.

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
// my-element.ts
  render() {
    return html`
      ⋮
      <ul>
        ${repeat(
          this.tasks,
          (task) => task.id,
          (task) => html`
            <li>
              <label><input type="checkbox" />${task.label} (${task.id})</label>
            </li>
          `
        )}
      </ul>
    `;
  }
```

```js
// my-element.js
  render() {
    return html`
      ⋮
      <ul>
        ${repeat(
          this.tasks,
          (task) => task.id,
          (task) => html`
            <li>
              <label><input type="checkbox" />${task.label} (${task.id})</label>
            </li>
          `
        )}
      </ul>
    `;
  }
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

Confirm that this is working correctly by checking an item and changing the sort
order. The check mark should now move to stay next to its original label.

{% aside "positive" %}

The key function provided must return a unique key for an item.

If you omit the key function—or provide a key function that simply returns the index—`repeat()` behaves exactly like `map()`. For more information, see the [repeat
documentation](/docs/templates/directives/#repeat). Also see
[When to use map or repeat](/docs/templates/lists/#when-to-use-map-or-repeat)
for guidance on deciding when to use one or the other.

{% endaside %}
