There are several ways of adding event listeners to list items in your template.
You also need to make sure that the event handler can identify which item the event is related to. This step shows one way of achieving this.

The example currently has an array of strings in the `things` state property.
Each string is rendered as a list item with a "Delete" button, but the button
does not do anything yet.

First, create a method that will be called when the button is clicked. The method should take an item's index as a parameter, and remove that item from the `things` array.

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
// my-element.ts
class MyElement extends LitElement {
  ⋮
  private _deleteThing(index: number) {
    this.things = this.things.filter((_, i) => i !== index);
  }
}
```

```js
// my-element.js
class MyElement extends LitElement {
  ⋮
  _deleteThing(index) {
    this.things = this.things.filter((_, i) => i !== index);
  }
}
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

{% aside "warn" %}

Use immutable data patterns to trigger an update.

The `filter()` array method returns a new array which is assigned to
`this.things`. Since the reference stored in `this.things` changes, Lit will
know to update the component when `_deleteThing()` is called. If the array is
mutated instead with something like the `splice()` array method, an update must
be manually requested. For more information, see [Mutating objects and array
properties](/docs/components/properties/#mutating-properties).

{% endaside %}

Now register the handler on the button for each item as the array is being
mapped.

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
// my-element.ts
  render() {
    return html`
      ⋮
      <ul>
        ${map(
          this.things,
          (thing, index) => html`
            <li>
              ${thing}
              <button @click=${() => this._deleteThing(index)}>Delete</button>
            </li>
          `
        )}
      </ul>
    `;
  }
```

```js
// my-element.js
  render() {
    return html`
      ⋮
      <ul>
        ${map(
          this.things,
          (thing, index) => html`
            <li>
              ${thing}
              <button @click=${() => this._deleteThing(index)}>Delete</button>
            </li>
          `
        )}
      </ul>
    `;
  }
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

Now clicking the delete button should remove the item. Note that an inline arrow
function is used here to create a closure, so each list item gets a
function that calls `_deleteThing` with its own index.

{% aside "info" %}

While closures are fine for most cases, there are other ways to achieve this
behavior.

For instance, you can add a property or attribute to the element that dispatches
the event. The event handler can then access that data using `event.target`.
When listening to an event that bubbles, you can use event delegation to avoid
attaching event listeners on every item. For more information, see [Listening to
events fired from repeated templates](/docs/components/events/#listening-to-events-fired-from-repeated-templates).

{% endaside %}
