Congratulations on completing the **Working with lists** tutorial!

## Takeaways

- Lit has built-in support for rendering iterables! Just place arrays, sets,
  maps, or generators directly into the template expression.
- Use the `map()` directive for a declarative way of taking an iterable and
  transforming each item into a renderable template. Use it when all
  necessary state is controlled by Lit.
- For complex situations involving more logic, you can build an array of
  renderable imperatively using the `Array` methods. Consider using a
  separate private method to abstract the related logic out of the `render()`
  method.
- Use the `repeat()` directive when the rendered DOM nodes have state that
  **isn't** controlled by Lit, or when updating the DOM nodes is more expensive
  than moving them. Provide a key function that produces a unique key for each
  item of the iterable.
- Consider using the `range()` directive along with `map()` to programmatically
  generate a list. These can be nested to produce a multi-dimensional grid as
  well.
- Lastly, when adding event listeners to items rendered from a list, make sure
  the handler has access to the data it needs that's specific to each item.
  Using an inline arrow function is often a good way to achieve this by creating
  a closure for each item.

## Further learning

Check out other [built-in directives](/docs/templates/directives/) besides
`map()`, `repeat()`, and `range()` that are available, or learn how to make your
very own [custom directive](/docs/templates/custom-directives/)!

To learn more about reactive properties and the reactive update cycle that drives
 Lit components, try the [Reactivity tutorial](/tutorials/reactivity/)

<!-- TODO(augustinekim) Add callout to virtualizer for handling big lists
     when it lands -->
