By the end of this step, the shown word will automatically change every second.

This can be achieved by using
[`setInterval`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/setInterval), a
browser function which repeatedly calls a function with a fixed delay between
each call.

Define a method `tickToNextWord` bound to the component that will increment
`this.idx`.

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
// word-viewer.ts

  render() {
    ...
  }

  tickToNextWord = () => { this.idx += 1; };

```

```js
// word-viewer.js

  render() {
    ...
  }

  tickToNextWord = () => { this.idx += 1; };

```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

Calling this method increments our reactive internal state `idx` which will
schedule an update.

{% aside "info" "no-header" %}

Since you'll use this method with `setInterval`, an arrow function can be used
such that `this` refers to the component. See [the "this"
problem](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/setInterval#the_this_problem)
for more info.

{% endaside %}


To setup the interval and clean up the interval, use the [standard custom
element lifecycle
callbacks](/docs/components/lifecycle/#custom-element-lifecycle)
`connectedCallback`, and `disconnectedCallback`.

`connectedCallback` is invoked when the component is added to the DOM, and
`disconnectedCallback` is invoked when the component is removed from the DOM.

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
// word-viewer.ts

  private intervalTimer?: number;

  connectedCallback() {
    super.connectedCallback();
    this.intervalTimer = setInterval(this.tickToNextWord, 1000);
  }

  disconnectedCallback() {
    super.disconnectedCallback();
    clearInterval(this.intervalTimer);
    this.intervalTimer = undefined;
  }

```

```js
// word-viewer.js

  intervalTimer;

  connectedCallback() {
    super.connectedCallback();
    this.intervalTimer = setInterval(this.tickToNextWord, 1000);
  }

  disconnectedCallback() {
    super.disconnectedCallback();
    clearInterval(this.intervalTimer);
    this.intervalTimer = undefined;
  }


```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

When the `word-viewer` is attached to the DOM, `connectedCallback` is invoked
and `setInterval` repeatedly calls `this.tickToNextWord` every 1000ms, or every
second.

The interval ID is stored on `this.intervalTimer` which does not need to be
reactive.

When `word-viewer` is removed from the DOM, `disconnectedCallback` is invoked
cleaning up the interval, and `this.tickToNextWord` is no longer called.

The preview should be cycling over individual words.

{% aside "info" "no-header" %}

Lit leverages standard [custom element lifecycle
callbacks](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_custom_elements#using_the_lifecycle_callbacks).

If you customize any of the standard custom element lifecycle methods, make sure
to call the `super` implementation so the standard Lit functionality is
preserved. See [lifecycle
docs](/docs/components/lifecycle/#custom-element-lifecycle) for more info.

{% endaside %}
