Pointer Events extend from Mouse Events, have access to all the same [properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MouseEvent).

In addition, Pointer Events have several new properties:

  * `pointerType`
    * This property will be one of `mouse`, `touch`, or `pen`, and allows you to determine the input source of the event.
  * `isPrimary`
    * This property will be `true` if the pointer firing events is considered the "primary" pointer for the interaction, and will generate `click` events and other UI interactions.
    * For `pointerType === mouse`, this will always be `true`
    * For `pen` or `touch` input, this will be true only for the first finger or pen to touch the screen.
    * If you want to ignore multi-touch interactions, you can ignore pointers where `isPrimary === false`
  * `pressure`
    * This property is a number between `0` and `1`, determined by how much pressure was applied relative to the maximum pressure the device can measure
    * When the device cannot determine pressure, this will read `0.5` when the pointer is down, and `0` otherwise.
  * `height` and `width`
    * These properties will give the CSS pixel size of the pointer.
    * This will always be `1` for mouse.
  * `tiltX` and `tiltY`
    * These properties will report the angle of the pen to the screen when pressed in the X and Y dimensions from `-90` to `90`.
    * These properties are `0` when the pen is perfectly perpendicular to the screen, and either `90` or `-90` when the pen is flat against the screen.
  * `twist`
    * This property reports the clockwise rotation of the pen around its axis in degrees.

Use your mouse, touchscreen, or pen in this example to see how the properties represent the pointer.
