---
tags: blogPosts
layout: blog-post.html
title: "Lit 2.1 Release"
summary: "New directives, new decorator, new observers package, and task/SSR updates"
date: 2022-01-05
author:
  - justin-fagnani
  - arthur-evans
---

Happy New Year from the Lit team! This week we're excited to share a few updates
with our fantastic community in the form of the Lit 2.1 release and some Lit
Labs updates.

Lit 2.1 consists of:

- New directives that help with looping and conditionals in your templates.
- New `@queryAssignedElements` decorator, related to the existing
  `@queryAssignedNodes` decorator.

Plus we have some Lit Labs updates to make your season bright:

- The new `@lit-labs/observers` package provides reactive controllers for
  working with web platform observers like `MutationObserver` and
  `ResizeObserver`.
- Updates to the `@lit-labs/task` package.
- Updates to the `@lit-labs/ssr` package.

For more details, read on.

## New directives

Lit brings a handful of new convenience directives that make working with
conditionals and looping a bit more declarative. Mostly wrappers around plain
JavaScript expressions, we've found that many users appreciate the way these
helpers reduce clutter in their templates.

Like all of the directives included with Lit, these new directives are
pay-as-you-go: they're shipped as separate modules, so you only bundle the
directives that you choose to import.

`when(cond, t, f)` is like a ternary where the else clause is optional. It
renders the first template if the condition is true, and the second if present
and the condition is false.

```ts
render() {
  return html`
    ${when(this.user, () => html`User: ${this.user.username}`, () => html`Sign In...`)}
  `;
}
```

`map(iter, fn)` is like `Array.map`, but also works on iterators. It's similar
to `repeat()` without the key function, but much smaller in code size.

```ts
render() {
  return html`
    <ul>
      ${map(this.items, (i) => html`<li>${i}</li>`)}
    </ul>
  `;
}
```

`join(iter, t)` interleaves items in an iterable with a joiner value or
function. Useful for adding separators between items, like `Array.join()` but
instead of returning a string returns an iterable of renderable values.

```ts
render() {
  return html`
    ${join(this.items, html`<span class="separator">|</span>`)}
  `;
}
```

`range(start, end, step)` is useful for iterating a specific number of times in
a template.

```ts
render() {
  return html`
    ${map(range(8), () => html`<div class="cell"></div>`)}
  `;
}
```

`choose(v, cases, defaultCase)` chooses one template to render among a set of
cases. It's like an inline switch statement.

```ts
render() {
  return html`
    ${choose(this.section, [
      ['home', () => html`<h1>Home</h1>`],
      ['about', () => html`<h1>About</h1>`]
    ],
    () => html`<h1>Error</h1>`)}
  `;
}
```

## New @queryAssignedElements() decorator

`@queryAssignedElements()` returns the slotted or assigned elements for a given
slot. It's similar to the existing `@queryAssignedNodes()` but uses the
`slot.assignedElements()` method rather than `slot.assignedNodes()`.
`@queryAssignedNodes()` has been updated to take an options object as an
alternative to the positional argument API.

```ts
@queryAssignedElements({ slot: 'icon' })
private _icon!: Array<HTMLElement>;
```

## Easy to use observers with @lit-labs/observers

In Lit Labs we've introduced a new package called `@lit-labs/observers` which
contains reactive controllers that let you easily use the web platform observer
APIs: MutationObserver, IntersectionObserver, ResizeObserver, and
PerformanceObserver. The controllers automatically drive the host element's
update lifecycle when they observe changes.

```ts
import { ResizeController } from '@lit-labs/observers/resize_controller.js';

class MyResizableElement extends LitElement {

  _resizeController = new ResizeController(this, {});

  render() {
    return html`Current size is ${this.offsetWidth} x ${this.offsetHeight}`;
  }
}
```

## Task updates

We've landed some changes to `@lit-labs/task` that allow for manually run tasks
and automatic tasks with no dependencies. Tasks with no dependencies will run
once when the host is connected, and all tasks can be run manually with the new
`run()` method.

## SSR updates

We've also landed some bug fixes to `@lit-labs/ssr`, reduced its NPM
dependencies footprint, and refactored the `importModule` function into a new
`ImportModule` class as some groundwork for upcoming changes.

## Keep in touch

We hope your 2022 is off to a good start. If you've tried the new releases, we'd
love to hear from you. For questions and discussions, please join us on
[Discord](https://lit.dev/discord/) or on [GitHub
Discussions](https://github.com/lit/lit/discussions). As always you can check
out our documentation and code playground at [lit.dev](https://lit.dev) and
report issues on our [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/lit/lit/issues).
