---
tags: blogPosts
layout: blog-post.html
title: 'Bringing Signals to Lit Labs'
summary: 'The new Signals package integrates the TC39 Signals proposal with Lit'
date: 2024-10-08
author:
  - lit-team
---

# Announcing @lit-labs/signals: Integrating the TC39 Signals Proposal with Lit

We’re thrilled to announce the release of our newest Lit Labs package,
`@lit-labs/signals`, which integrates the
[polyfill](https://github.com/proposal-signals/signal-polyfill) for the
exciting new [TC39 Signals Proposal](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-signals)
directly with Lit. This package provides a powerful, reactive way to manage
state in your web applications by allowing you to use shared, observable
signals that automatically update components when their values change.

Signals are quickly becoming a core feature in the JavaScript ecosystem, with
the potential to unify how we manage state and reactivity across various
libraries and frameworks. By adopting `@lit-labs/signals`, you can start
experimenting with this cutting-edge technology today.

## What Are Signals?

In simple terms, **signals** are observable data structures that hold values or
computations. When the value of a signal changes, all components or parts of
your app that depend on it are automatically notified and updated. This is
particularly useful in UIs where multiple components might need to share and
react to changes in state.

### Key Benefits of Standards-Based Signals

1. **Shared observable state**: Signals are great for managing state shared
   across multiple components. If one component updates a signal, all others
   using it will automatically update as well.
2. **Pinpoint updates**: Signals enable precisely targeted re-renders,
   potentially improving performance by processing only bindings whose signal-
   backed values have changed, skipping other bindings in the same templates.
3. **Interoperability**: The standardization of signals means different
   libraries and frameworks can use signals interoperably, reducing the need for
   complex adapters and improving compatibility.

## Why We're Excited About @lit-labs/signals

Lit is already known for its lightweight, performant, and declarative approach
to building web components. With `@lit-labs/signals`, we’re taking this to the
next level by tightly integrating signals into Lit’s lifecycle.

Lit's reactivity is by default relatively _shallow_. Components automatically
update when their reactive properties change, but not when nested properties
change. Responding to deep property changes has either required manual update
requests, or the integration of a state management system like Redux or MobX.

Signals give us many of the same deep observability abilities as these state
management systems, but with a smaller, simpler API, and the potential to be a
common standard across a large ecosystem of utilies, components, and frameworks.

The new `@lit-labs/signals` package makes it super easy to use signals from
within Lit components.

Let’s dive into a few examples...

### Example 1: A Shared Counter

Here’s a simple example of a shared counter using `@lit-labs/signals`. To enable
signal-based reactivity in this component, we just use the `SignalWatcher` mixin
in our Custom Element definition; any signals we read from will automatically be
observed, triggering updates whenever their values change:

```ts
import {LitElement, html} from 'lit';
import {customElement} from 'lit/decorators.js';
import {SignalWatcher, signal} from '@lit-labs/signals';

// This is a standard TC39 signal that uses the signals polyfill.
// The signal is shared across all component instances.
const count = signal(0);

@customElement('shared-counter')
export class SharedCounterComponent extends SignalWatcher(LitElement) {
  render() {
    // Just by using the signal in your template, your component will update
    // when the signal changes.
    return html`
      <p>The count is ${count.get()}</p>
      <button @click=${this.increment}>Increment</button>
    `;
  }

  increment() {
    count.set(count.get() + 1);
  }
}
```

With this approach, any number of `<shared-counter>` components can be added to
the DOM, and all will reflect the same counter value, automatically updating
when the signal changes.

You can also [see this example in the Lit
Playground](/playground/#sample=examples/signals).

### Example 2: Pinpoint DOM Updates

Using the `watch` directive, we can also achieve **pinpoint updates** targeting
individual bindings rather than an entire component:

```ts
import {LitElement, html} from 'lit';
import {customElement} from 'lit/decorators.js';
import {SignalWatcher, watch, signal} from '@lit-labs/signals';

const count = signal(0);

@customElement('pinpoint-counter')
export class PinpointCounter extends SignalWatcher(LitElement) {
  render() {
    return html`
      <p>The count is ${watch(count)}</p>
      <button @click=${this.increment}>Increment</button>
    `;
  }

  increment() {
    count.set(count.get() + 1);
  }
}
```

Here, only the binding displaying the count is processed when the signal changes,
skipping unnecessary work and improving performance.

## Future Work

This is just the beginning or our exploration of signals integration for Lit.
Coming soon, we will add more utilities to `@lit-labs/signals` for incrementally
rendering changes from collections, easily running side-effects in components,
and using signals for reactive properties.

Eventually—as the proposed standard progresses and we gain experience using
signals in Lit—signals will likely become part of the core library.

The Lit team is working closely with the TC39 Signals Proposal champions to
ensure that signals work great for Lit, web components, and plain-DOM use
cases. We can't overstate how much potential we see in signals to form an
interoperable reactivity primitive that works across libraries and components
without requiring a centralized framework.

## Try It Out and Give Feedback

We’re eager to get feedback from the community as you experiment with this new
package. As part of the **Lit Labs** family, `@lit-labs/signals` is still
experimental and may undergo significant changes based on user feedback and
advancements in the TC39 Signals Proposal.

To get started, simply install the package:

```sh
npm i @lit-labs/signals
```

We’d love to hear your thoughts, so please try it out, and let us know how it
works for you.

- Preliminary docs are available at
  [lit.dev/docs/data/signals/](/docs/data/signals/)
- You can share feedback on the GitHub [feedback
  discussion](https://github.com/lit/lit/discussions/4779)
- Report issues in the [Lit monorepo
  issues](https://github.com/lit/lit/issues)
- Join us on our [Discord server](/discord/) to chat!

We’re excited to see what you’ll build with signals and how they will shape
the future of state management in web applications!

**Thanks!**

**-The Lit Team**
