Next, get a 3rd-party library for formatting string durations.

The `timeago` npm package accepts a date, and returns a string describing the
time that has elapsed since that date in human-readable form, like "just now" or
"5 minutes ago" or "3 years ago", etc..

Add the package to `package.json`:

```json
  // package.json
  "dependencies": {
    ...
    "timeago.js": "^4.0.2"
```

Then import the `format` helper into your directive module:

### time-ago.<ts-js></ts-js>

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
...
import {format} from 'timeago.js';
```

```js
...
import {format} from 'timeago.js';
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

Last, update the render method to use `format`:

```ts
    return format(time);
```

You should now see the string updated to say "just now". But notice that it
doesn't yet update on its own.

{% aside  "info" "no-header" %}

Note that standard `Directive`s like what we created with here have a lot more
powers than we're using so far: they are stateful between renders and can access
the underlying DOM they are associated with. See [Custom
directives](/docs/templates/custom-directives/#creating-class-based-directives)
for more details.

<br>

Still, if all we wanted to do was format the time when we render, we didn't
need to use a directive at all; we could have just called the `format` function
directly in the template:

```ts
// So far our directive is just equivalent to:
return html`<p>The page was rendered ${format(timeCreated)}`;
```

However, plain functions can't update the value they rendered after the fact --
our directive will need to periodically update the rendered string as time
passes. This is where _asynchronous_ directives come in.

{% endaside %}

In order to make a template helper that keeps the elapsed time up-to-date, the
next steps will show how to use `AsyncDirective` to periodically re-render the
elapsed time asynchronously.
