To make our directive update asynchronously, we'll need to start a timer that
re-renders the time elapsed.

Add a function that starts a periodic 3 second timer if it's not already started.
Since directives are stateful, we can use a class field to store the timer's
handle, and use that to start the timer only once:

### time-ago.<ts-js></ts-js>

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
...
  timer: number | undefined;

  ensureTimerStarted() {
    if (this.timer === undefined) {
      this.timer = setInterval(() => {
        /* do some periodic work */
      }, 3000);
    }
  }
```

```js
...
  timer = undefined;

  ensureTimerStarted() {
    if (this.timer === undefined) {
      this.timer = setInterval(() => {
        /* do some periodic work */
      }, 3000);
    }
  }
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}


Start the timer in the `update` lifecycle callback.

{% aside  "positive" "no-header" %}

The default implementation of `update` simply calls `render`, but since `update`
is [_not_ called during
SSR](https://lit.dev/docs/templates/custom-directives/#differences-between-update()-and-render()),
`update` is the right spot to start/subscribe to asynchronous tasks we don't
want running on the server.

{% endaside %}

Add the `update` callback. Call `ensureTimerStarted()` and then return the
result of `render`. Note that we only want the timer running if the directive is
currently connected, so check `isConnected` before starting the timer:

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
import {DirectiveParameters, Part} from 'lit/directive.js';

...

  update(part: Part, [time]: DirectiveParameters<this>) {
    if (this.isConnected) {
      this.ensureTimerStarted();
    }
    return this.render(time);
  }
```

```js
  update(part, [time]) {
    if (this.isConnected) {
      this.ensureTimerStarted();
    }
    return this.render(time);
  }
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

{% aside  "warn" %}

It is possible for a template to be re-rendered after it has been disconnected.

In this case `update` will still be called, so you should always check
`isConnected` before doing work that might require cleanup.

{% endaside %}

Our directive now starts a periodic timer the first time it is updated,
although it doesn't do anything interesting yet.
