The timer callback should update the value rendered by the directive -- but
notice the timer callback fires _outside_ of the normal directive
`update`/`render` lifecycle where we normally return a value for the directive
to render.

We can use `AsyncDirective`'s `setValue` API to update the result of the
directive that is rendered into the template, outside of the directive's normal
update cycle.

In our case, we need to reference the `time` argument from our timer callback.
To make the user's `time` argument available outside of `update`, store it in
another class field:

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
  time!: Date;

  update(part: Part, [time]: DirectiveParameters<this>) {
    this.time = time;
    ...
  }
```

```js
  update(part, [time]) {
    this.time = time;
    ...
  }
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

And then in our timer callback, we can call `setValue`, using our `render`
result, which will re-format the date using the currently elapsed time.

```ts
        this.setValue(this.render(this.time));
```

Congratulations! If you wait a few seconds, you should now see time rendered
using the directive update periodically, using the `timeago` library's rules for
incrementally scaling from "just now" to "seconds ago" to "minutes ago", etc..

{% aside  "warn" %}

This implementation contains a memory leak.

While the directive would work, there is a potential memory leak – if the
element were to be disconnected from the DOM, the timer would keep on firing and
holding on to the directive and references to the underlying DOM.

{% endaside %}

Next, we'll add lifecycle for cleaning up the directive when it's no longer
needed.
