The directive is now complete. Now let's see how and where we could use it.

In our example element template, we've been rendering the `timeAgo` directive
into a [child expression](/docs/templates/expressions/#child-expressions) as a
string:

```ts
      <p>This page was rendered ${timeAgo(timeCreated)}.</p>
```

However, our directive can be used in _any_ expression type, including
[attribute expressions](/docs/templates/expressions/#attribute-expressions) and
[property expressions](/docs/templates/expressions/#property-expressions). So
let's say we had a `<comment-card>` element that accepted a few fields like
`subject`, `description`, and `time`. We've gone ahead and imported one for you,
so go ahead and add this to the template also:

```html
  <comment-card user="litdeveloper"
                time="12:49 pm"
                subject="Just tried AsyncDirectives!"
                content="Cool stuff, they're really powerful!">
  </comment-card>
```

Now, since the element accepts time as a string, we can bind the `timeAgo`
directive to that attribute, and it will periodically set the element's
`time` without the outer template needing to re-render:

```ts
  time=${timeAgo(timeCreated)}
```

Congratulations! You now have a useful, working `AsyncDirective`!

Ideas for further study:
* Add an optional `frequency` parameter to the directive, to customize how
  often the directive re-renders its value. Bonus points for making sure the
  user can change the frequency after the timer has started!
* Make an `auto` mode for the directive that scales the `frequency` that the
  timer updates according to the amount of time that has elapsed.
* Try making a [component](/docs/components/overview/) version of the `timeAgo`
  directive. How about a [ReactiveController](/docs/composition/controllers/)
  version? When is using one better than the others?  (Hint: Lit components can
  be easily used outside of Lit contexts, but can't be bound to
  properties/attributes like we did in this example; controllers are useful for
  sharing functionality inside of components, and async directives are great for
  sharing functionality outside of components, at the template level).
