In Lit, most things start with defining a _component_. Here we've given you a starter project that has the required imports and nothing else.


*   **Define a component.**

    {% switchable-sample %}

    ```ts
    @customElement('my-element')
    export class MyElement extends LitElement {
    }
    ```

    ```js
    export class MyElement extends LitElement {
    }
    customElements.define('my-element', MyElement);
    ```

    {% endswitchable-sample %}

    The `MyElement` class provides the implementation for your new component.&nbsp;<ts-js><span slot="ts">The <code>@customElement</code> decorator registers it with the browser as a new element type named <code>my-element</code>.</span><span slot="js">The <code>customElements.define</code> call registers it with the browser as a new element type named <code>my-element</code>.</span></ts-js>

    The "TODO" text should disappear from the **Result** pane, showing that the component is defined. But your component is still missing something—it doesn't display anything.

*   **Add a `render()` method to your class.**

    ```ts
    render() {
      return html`
        <p>Hello world! From my-element.</p>
      `;
    }
    ```

    The `render()` method defines your component's internal DOM. The `html` tag function processes a template literal and returns a `TemplateResult`—an object that describes the HTML for Lit to render. Every Lit component should include a `render()` method.

You should see the greeting message in the **Result** pane.

{% aside "info" %}

Decorators.

The TypeScript version of this code uses the `@customElement` decorator to register your class with the browser as a new element. The JavaScript version uses `customElements.define()` to do the same thing. This is a matter of style. You can use decorators—or not use decorators—in either language. For more information, see [Decorators](/docs/components/decorators/).

{% endaside %}

