You're starting with a simple scaffold for the element with the styling
separated into a separate module to make things more readable.
The element is used in the page and is populated with a set of images.

The first task is to setup some basic DOM and styling for the carousel.
You may notice that the images inside the element are not showing. This is
because the element's Shadow DOM is displayed instead, and there is no
`slot` element. Check out the [docs](https://lit.dev/docs/components/shadow-dom/#slots)
for more information about how slots work.

Let's add a `slot`:

```html
<div class="fit">
  <slot></slot>
</div>
```

And magically, the element content appears. Things don't look right so let's
add some styling.

Since the carousel will be in charge of displaying
the selected item and managing its appearance, it's easiest to require it to
have an explicit size. This way, we can also ensure that the content is
contained inside the carousel by giving it an `overflow` of `hidden`. We'll
also size the other elements to fit inside the carousel.

Open the `styles.ts` module and add the styling below:

### styles.ts
```css
:host {
  display: inline-block;
  overflow: hidden;
  /* Defaults */
  width: 200px;
  height: 200px;
  border-radius: 4px;
  background: gainsboro;
  cursor: pointer;
}

.fit {
  position: relative;
  height: 100%;
  width: 100%;
}

::slotted(*) {
  box-sizing: border-box;
  width: 100%;
  height: 100%;
}
```

Notice we're using Shadow DOM css selectors `:host` to style the element
itself and `::slotted(*)` to style all the slotted children. The properties
in the `:host` selector are effectively defaults for the element and it's
important to remember that the user can override them to customize the
appearance.

<aside class="info">
  Learn more about
  <a href="https://lit.dev/docs/components/styles/#theming" target="_blank">theming</a>,
  <a href="https://lit.dev/docs/components/styles/#shadow-dom" target="_blank">styling</a>, and the
  <a href="https://lit.dev/docs/components/styles/#host" target="_blank"><code>:host</code></a>
  and
  <a href="https://lit.dev/docs/components/styles/#slotted" target="_blank"><code>:slotted</code></a>
  selectors in the Lit documentation.
</aside>
