Now the `selected` property needs to actually do something. Use the
element's `slot` to manage the display of the selected item. Since only
elements assigned to slots render, assigning only the selected item will render
it and nothing else.

Update the `render` method to add the slot name.

```html
<div class="fit">
  <slot name="selected"></slot>
</div>
```

This sets the `name` attribute of the `slot` to `selected` so that only the
selected item is shown.

Now add the following below the `render` method.

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
private previous = 0;
protected updated(changedProperties: PropertyValues) {
  if (changedProperties.has('selected') && this.hasValidSelected()) {
    this.updateSlots();
    this.previous = this.selected;
  }
}

private updateSlots() {
  this.children[this.previous]?.removeAttribute('slot');
  this.children[this.selected]?.setAttribute('slot', 'selected');
}
```

```js
previous = 0;
updated(changedProperties) {
  if (changedProperties.has('selected') && this.hasValidSelected()) {
    this.updateSlots();
    this.previous = this.selected;
  }
}

updateSlots() {
  this.children[this.previous]?.removeAttribute('slot');
  this.children[this.selected]?.setAttribute('slot', 'selected');
}
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

The `updated` method first checks if it needs to do any work, using the
`changedProperties` argument and the result of `hasValidSelected()`.

If so, the `updateSlots` method sets the selected element's `slot` to `selected`.
Since the selected item is not rendered by Lit, it needs to be managed directly
with imperative code. The previously selected item is tracked so it can be
un-slotted when `selected` changes.

{% aside "warn" %}

In most cases, it's not recommended to directly manipulate element light DOM children.

Light DOM children are not part of an element's encapsulated Shadow DOM,
and thus the user providing the light DOM children may make unforeseen
manipulations to them that may undo your DOM modifications.

However, in this case the change being made to the selected item is
expressly related to the core purpose of the element. In addition, the `slot`
element has an
[`assign`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLSlotElement/assign)
method that removes the need to match the element's `slot` attribute to the
slot's name. However, at the time this tutorial has been authored, this isn't
yet widely supported so the code here sets the element's `slot`.

{% endaside %}

To verify that changing the selected item does what's expected,
open `index.html` and add a `selected="1"` attribute to the `motion-carousel`
element. Setting the attribute will also set the property and should show the
appropriate image.
