It works! But it's a little boring, and changing the selected item is a bit
jarring. This is a great place to use animation to provide feedback about what's
happening. Animating elements can be tricky, so we'll tackle it in a few steps.
First, we need to modify the DOM and styling a bit to prepare for adding the
animation.

We want to slide the selected item into view from the left or right based on
whether or not the next item is greater than the current one. To do this,
we'll add a slot for the `previous` element. We'll use this to manage the
positions of the previously and currently selected items. Then we'll add a
"container" element surrounding the items that we'll animate left and right.
We'll move our click handler there to make sure we don't miss any clicks.

We're going to position `left` property of the "container" and the `previous`
and `selected` slots. To setup for that, we've already imported
the `styleMap` directive and we'll use it in the template. For now just
stub out a private `left` property that we'll use to track position and
different values we'll map into the styles of those elements: `animateLeft`,
`selectedLeft`, and `previousLeft`. We'll fix those up in the next step.

Update the render method as follows:

```ts
private left = 0;
render() {
  const animateLeft = ``;
  const selectedLeft = ``;
  const previousLeft = ``;
  return html`
    <div class="fit"
      @click=${this.clickHandler}
      style=${styleMap({left: animateLeft})}
    >
      <div class="fit" style=${styleMap({left: previousLeft})}>
        <slot name="previous"></slot>
      </div>
      <div class="fit selected" style=${styleMap({left: selectedLeft})}>
        <slot name="selected"></slot>
      </div>
    </div>
  `;
}
```

The `selected` item will not display after this change to the template.
That's because it moves below the previous slot. You can verify this by
removing `overflow: hidden` in the `:host` selector. To fix that, we need to
style the `selected` slot container's `top` to move it up.

Add the following css to the `styles` module:

### styles
```css
.selected {
  top: -100%;
}
```
