In this step, we've jumped ahead slightly and added a little indicator near the
bottom of the element to show which item is selected in the carousel.
Inspect the code in the `render` method to see how this was done. It follows a
similar pattern to position `left` and `width` based on the `selected` item.
Click the carousel to change the `selected` item to see this in action.

Now we're ready to add the animation. To do so, we'll import the `animate`
directive from the `@lit-labs/motion` package.

<litdev-aside type="warn" no-header>

  Packages release under the `@lit-labs` umbrella aren't quite ready for
  production. These projects may be experimental or incomplete, and they're
  subject to breaking changes. See the [docs](/docs/libraries/labs/)
  for more info.

</litdev-aside>

Add the import after the other import statements at the top of the module.

```ts
import {animate} from '@lit-labs/motion';
```

<litdev-aside type="info" no-header>

Normally, you'd also need to add `@lit-labs/motion` to your
`package.json` but to speed things up, that's already been done.

</litdev-aside>

The `animate` directive will take care of animating the position. It's
great for "tweening" between different rendered layouts.

Add the `animate` directive to the "container" surrounding the slots to the
`return` statement in the `render` method:

```ts
return html`
  <div class="fit"
    ${animate()}
```

Now add the `animate` directive to the `indicator` element we added at the
bottom of the `render` method:

```ts
  <div class="indicator"
    ${animate()}
```

Note that even though we're setting the `left` property,
the `animate` directive is actually animating the css `transform` property.
This is much more efficient since it does not require the browser to perform
layout or style recalculation.

The `animate` directive is intended to be very simple to use, but it has a lot
of configuration options. Check out the [@lit-labs/motion readme](https://github.com/lit/lit/blob/main/packages/labs/motion/README.md#lit-labsmotion)
for more information.

<litdev-aside type="info" no-header>

Check out this [article on FLIP](https://aerotwist.com/blog/flip-your-animations/)
to learn more about the technique used by the `animate` directive.

</litdev-aside>

Now try clicking the element...
