This chapter of the demo covers the basics of styling SVG with
CSS including how to:

- Style SVG with CSS
- Use CSS Custom Properties to theme SVG

### Learn

CSS can apply presentation attributes to SVG elements in the same manner CSS
applies attributes to HTML.

However, unlike HTML, only [SVG Presentation Attributes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/Presentation)
can be applied to SVG through CSS.

In the following example, all `<rect>` elements will be as wide as
their parent element while elements using the class `background` will
have a black fill.


```ts
const helloSvgCss = css`
	rect {
		width: 100%;
	}

	.background {
		fill: #000;
	}
`;
```

CSS classes can be applied to SVG Elements like in the example below.

```ts
const helloCssClasses = html`
	<rect class="background"></rect>
`;
```

SVG can also be styled with CSS Custom Properties. This enables
artists and designers to theme an SVG document with the same CSS
custom properties as its HTML counterpart.

```ts
const helloCssCustomProperties = css`
	.background {
		fill: var(--background-color, #ff8800);
	}
`;
```

### Apply

Add any presentation attributes to a CSS template like the example
below.

In the current demo, properties for `svg`, `text`, and `rect` elements
have been reimplemented as CSS. What's left are elements with ids and
transformations.

```ts
const svgCSS = css`
	svg {
		height: 100%;
		width: 100%;
	}

	text {
		fill: #fff;
		dominant-baseline: hanging;
		font-family: monospace;
		font-size: 24px;
	}

	rect {
		x: 0;
		y: 0;
		width: 100%;
		height: 100%;
	}
`;
```

This demo requires a theme that includes:

- `background-color`
- `font-color`
- `font-size`
- `stroke-width`
- `stroke-color`

To accomplish this, create another CSS template with custom properties representing the required theme.

```ts
const themeCSS = css`
	.background {
		fill: var(--background-color, #ff8800);
	}

	text {
		fill: var(--font-color, #ffffff);
		font-size: var(--font-size, 28px);
		stroke-width: var(--stroke-width, 3);
		stroke: var(--stroke-color, #0000dd);
	}
`;
```

Finally, add the CSS templates to the `repeat-pattern` custom element.

```ts
@customElement('repeat-pattern')
export class RepeatPattern extends LitElement {
	static styles = [svgCSS, themeCSS];

	...
}
```

After completing this chapter, you'll be ready to explore more advanced
concepts in SVG and Lit.