As we said in the introduction to this tutorial, we're going to build both a digital and analog element. These clocks will share most of the same logic, so we'd really like to factor that common logic into a reusable utility.

Lit provides a reactive controller API for attaching behaviors to a component. A reactive controller can hook into a components lifecycle, including _connected_ and _disconnected_, and can trigger an update on a host component with `requestUpdate()`.

So next we're going to move the code in `connectedCallback()` and `disconnectedCallback()` into a reactive controller.

## Starting with a shell controller

We'll give you a starting point for your controler in `clock-controller.ts`. As a convention, most controllers are classes that take a host element as the first constructor argument.

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
export class ClockController implements ReactiveController {
  host: ReactiveControllerHost;

  constructor(host: ReactiveControllerHost) {
    (this.host = host).addController(this);
  }
}
```

```js
export class ClockController  {
  host;

  constructor(host) {
    (this.host = host).addController(this);
  }
}
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

We store the `host` so that we can call methods like `host.requestUpdate()` on it later, forcing the component to re-render.

## Add `value` and `_timerID` fields

Our controller needs the same state we had in our component.

1. Add the `value` and `_timerID` fields to the controller.

```ts
  value = new Date();
  private _timerID?: number;
```

Note: Reactive controllers don't Lit-specific property declarations, so `value` is a plain class field here. We call `host.requestUpdate()` to make a host render.

2. Remove the `value` and `_timerID` fields from `digital-clock.ts`.

## Add controller lifecycle callbacks

Next remove the logic from the clock's `connectedCallback` and `disconnectedCallback` methods and add them to our controllers `hostConnected` and `hostDisconnected` methods. You should remove the `connectedCallback` and `disconnectedCallback` methods too.

To make our clock update, we _must_ call `this.host.requestUpdate()` when our interval callback runs.

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
  hostConnected() {
    // Start a timer when the host is connected
    this._timerID = setInterval(() => {
      this.value = new Date();
      // Update the host with new value
      this.host.requestUpdate();
    }, 1000);
  }

  hostDisconnected() {
    // Stop the timer when the host is disconnected
    if (this._timerID !== undefined) {
      clearInterval(this._timerID);
      this._timerID = undefined;
    }
  }
```

```js
  hostConnected() {
    // Start a timer when the host is connected
    this._timerID = setInterval(() => {
      this.value = new Date();
      // Update the host with new value
      this.host.requestUpdate();
    }, 1000);
  }

  hostDisconnected() {
    // Stop the timer when the host is disconnected
    if (this._timerID !== undefined) {
      clearInterval(this._timerID);
      this._timerID = undefined;
    }
  }
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

After your done, see how simple `digital-clock.ts` is. All it contains is a controller and a template!
