Web Components can receive data in many ways, but one of the most common ways is to use an attribute because attributes are declarative, static, and easy to read & write in HTML!

Every HTML element in the browser has *attibutes* and *properties*:

 *   [*Attributes*](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/attribute) are additional values that describe the state of an element in HTML. Attributes can only have string values.
 *   [*Properties*](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/property/JavaScript) are the instance properties of an element's JavaScript DOM object. Properties can take any kind of value, like numbers, booleans, and arrays.

Built-in elements often match a property with a similarly-named attribute.
For example, the `<input>` element has both a `value` attribute and a `value` property.

```html
<input value="This is setting the 'value' attribute">
<script>
  const inputElementReference = document.querySelector('input');
  inputElementReference.value = 'This is setting the "value" property';
</script>
```

Setting the `value` attribute also sets the `value` property, so you can set a default value for your input from static markup!

Since Lit elements are HTML elements, Lit elements have both attributes and properties.
When you define a [reactive property](/docs/components/properties/), you can set up an attribute that maps to your property, and specify how the attribute value is converted to a property value. Lit supplies built-in converters for common types like numbers and booleans. But if you want to convert to a type that Lit doesn't support out of the box, you may need to write some code.

An example would be the `Date` object – you can see an example of this in the playground preview. The `Date` object is being passed in as a JavaScript property in `index.html` instead of a readable, string attribute. You can see the desired behavior in the preview by clicking the **Solve** button.

Custom attribute converters address this problem.

## What you'll learn

- What is an attribute converter?
- How Lit's built-in attribute converters work.
- How to write your own attribute converter.

## What you'll build

In this tutorial you will build a component that takes in a human-readable date-string, converts it to a JavaScript `Date` object, and displays the given date in a human-readable format.

You will do this with the default attribute converters and then upgrade your component with your own custom attribute converter that can convert a date-string attribute into a JavaScript `Date` object property and the other way around.

## Previous knowledge

It's helpful if you understand the basics of [reactive properties](/docs/components/properties/) in Lit, as well as the [`willUpdate`](/docs/components/lifecycle/#willupdate) Lit lifecycle method. Both of these topics are covered in the tutorial on [Reactivity](/tutorials/reactivity/).
