In this example:

- `my-element` is a Lit component that:
  - Has a `date` reactive property of type `Date`
  - Has attribute to property conversion turned off `{attribute: false}`
  - Displays out the given `date` in a human-readable-format
- `index.html` passes the the date `05/05/22` to `my-element` as a `Date` object via property

{% aside "info" %}

Attribute to property conversion is turned off.

This is because the `@property` decorator or `static properties` block will tell Lit to convert a string attribute based on the object passed in as the `type` option. Lit does not know how to handle `type: Date` (string attribute to JS `Date` object conversion), so the only way to pass `date` to `my-element` is via Javascript which may lead to a bad developer experience.

{% endaside %}

## Attribute Converters

Attribute converters tell Lit how to convert an attribute to a property and, in the case that a reactive property has the `reflect: true` flag, vice versa.

### Built-in Attribute Converters

Lit has several built-in attribute converters. You can choose which built-in converter is invoked by setting the `type` property of the [reactive property options](/docs/components/properties/#property-options). The built-in converters are:

* `String` *(default)*
* `Boolean`
* `Number`
* `Array`
* `Object`

Notice that Lit does not have a `Date` converter built-in and thus you cannot do `type: Date` to accept a date-string attribute. You can read more on how built-in coverters convert attributes to properties and vice versa in the [Lit documentation](/docs/components/properties/#conversion-type).

{% aside "negative" %}

This section is meant for example does not include best-practice code.

This section is shows why you would need custom attribute converters and is not recommended best-practice code. If you'd like to skip to the section in which you write custom attribute converters, go to [step 4](#03).

{% endaside %}

## Goal for this step

`my-element` accepts human-readable date attribute as a reactive property. e.g. `date-str="05/05/22"`

### Accept a human-readable attribute string

* Declare `dateStr` reactive property of type `String`
* Set the default value to the stringified value of `date`
* Set the attribute for `dateStr` to be `date-str`

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
export class MyElement extends LitElement {
  @property({attribute: false})
  date = new Date();

  @property({type: String, attribute: 'date-str'})
  dateStr = this.date.toString();
  ...
```

```js
export class MyElement extends LitElement {
  static properties = {
    date: {attribute: false},
    dateStr: {type: String, attribute: 'date-str'},
  };

  constructor() {
    super();
    this.date = new Date();
    this.dateStr = this.date.toString();
  }
  ...
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

Now setting the `date-str` attribute to `05/05/22` will update the `dateStr` property to `05/05/22` because the built-in `String` attribute converter is used!
