In the last step, you added a `dateStr` property that could be set from an attribute, but your component's `date` property is still being set with JavaScript. Requiring JavaScript to set a property is not ideal for users of a `<date-display>` because setting properties this way is not as readable or easy as setting attributes.

In this step, you'll add code to synchronize the `date` property with the `dateStr` property whenever `dateStr` changes.

### Accept `date-str` as an attribute

* Remove the `<script>` tag in `index.html`.
* Pass `05/05/22` to the `date-str` attribute of `date-display`.

#### index.html

```html
<body>
  <date-display date-str="05/05/22"></date-display>
</body>
```

Now you may notice that the date displayed is not the same as the one you passed in. This is because the `date` property is being rendered. `date` needs to be synchronized with `dateStr` whenever `dateStr` changes.

### Update `date` when `dateStr` changes

* On each change convert the `dateStr` value to a JavaScript `Date` object.
* Update the `date` property to reflect the user-defined date so that it can be displayed.

{% aside "positive" %}

The `willUpdate` method is a good place to reconcile two different reactive properties.

For more information, see [Lit lifecycle](/docs/components/lifecycle/)!

{% endaside %}

#### date-display.<ts-js></ts-js>

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
export class DateDisplay extends LitElement {
  ...

  willUpdate(changed: PropertyValues<this>) {
    if (changed.has('dateStr') && this.dateStr) {
      this.date = new Date(this.dateStr);
    }
  }

  ...
```

```js
export class DateDisplay extends LitElement {
  ...

  willUpdate(changed) {
    if (changed.has('dateStr') && this.dateStr) {
      this.date = new Date(this.dateStr);
    }
  }

  ...
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

Now the correct date should be displayed when the `date-str` attribute changes!

Adding the `dateStr` property and imperative code in `willUpdate()` *works*, but it's not ideal. We don't recommend using this pattern in your own code. Instead, you should use a custom attribute converter, as shown the following steps.
