The current implementation can be greatly improved:

- There is an unnecessary input property, `dateStr`, that accepts a string.
- The code around `willUpdate` is a bit messy and imperative.
- If the user sets `date` to a new date, the `dateStr` will not be updated.

The root cause of these issues is that Lit does not have a default converter that converts a `string` to a `Date` object. This is where custom attribute converters come in! A custom attribute converter can clean up the implementation of `date-display` by providing a means to convert a `string` attribute to a `Date` object property.

In this step, you'll define a custom attribute converter that can convert a date-string attribute into a Javascript `Date` object property and back again.

### Defining the custom attribute converter

You'll notice a new, empty file called <code>date-converter.<ts-js></ts-js></code> in the editor panel. Use it to define a function that returns a converter.

* Export a function called `dateConverter`.
  * The function should receive a `locale` string as an argument.
* `dateConverter` should return a JavaScript Object with the following methods:
  * `toAttribute`: a function that takes a `Date` and returns a string.
  * `fromAttribute`: a function that takes a string and returns a `Date`.

#### date-converter.<ts-js></ts-js>

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
import type {ComplexAttributeConverter} from 'lit';

export const dateConverter = (locale: string): ComplexAttributeConverter<Date> => {
  return {
    toAttribute: (date: Date) => {
      return date.toLocaleDateString(locale);
    },
    fromAttribute: (value: string) => {
      return new Date(value);
    }
  }
};
```

```js
export const dateConverter = (locale) => {
  return {
    toAttribute: (date) => {
      return date.toLocaleDateString(locale);
    },
    fromAttribute: (value) => {
      return new Date(value);
    },
  };
};
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

{% aside "positive" %}

Simple attribute converters.

If your `toAttribute` is just `toString`, then you can use a simple attribute converter instead of a complex attribute converter.

A simple attribute converter is a function that is equivalent to the `fromAttribue` method of a complex attribute converter object.

{% endaside %}



Congratulations! You've just defined a custom attribute converter! For more information, see [Providing a custom converter](/docs/components/properties/#conversion-converter).

In the next step, you'll put that shiny new converter to work.
