---
title: lit-html 1.2.0
slug: lit-html-1-2-0
tags: release
date: 2020-03-04
---

See the [changelog](https://github.com/lit/lit/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) for a complete list of changes.

### `live` directive

[Documentation](/docs/v2/templates/directives/#live)

The `live` directive solves the problem of DOM state changing from underneath lit-html, for example with an `<input>` that a user can type into:

```js
html`<input .value=${live(x)}>`
```

In some cases you will want `x` to overwrite what the user has typed in. lit-html tracks the previous value of an expression and only updates the DOM if the value has changed. Without the live directive, lit-html will not detect that the `value` property of the input has changed and won't update the DOM.

The live directive ignores the previous value of the expression and always checks the current value in the DOM, causing the expression to update the input.

We still recommend that you handle user input so that the state and the DOM agree:

```ts
let text = '';
const onInput = (e) => {
  text = e.target.value;
  go();
};

const go = () => {
  render(html`<input .value=${text} @input=${onInput}>`, document.body);
}
go();
```

### `templateContent` directive

[Documentation](/docs/v2/templates/directives/#templatecontent)

The `templateContent` directive lets you stamp out HTML templates into lit-html templates. This is useful in a number of cases where HTML `<template>` elements are provided by users of elements or parts of a build system.

HTML:
```html
<template id="example">
  <p>HTML Template</p>
</template>
```

JavaScript:
```js
const template = document.querySelector('#example');
html`
  <h1>Example</h1>
  ${templateContent(template)}
`;
```

### `unsafeSVG` directive

[Documentation](/docs/v2/templates/directives/#unsafesvg)

`unsaveSVG` is the missing partner of [`unsafeHTML`](/docs/v2/templates/directives/#unsafehtml). It lets you render a fragment of SVG text as SVG elements rather than text. As with `unsafeHTML` this directive not safe to use with user-provided input, since if the input has `<script>` tags in it, there may be ways to get them to execute, etc.

`unsafeSVG` creates elements in the SVG namespace, so it's for use inside of `<svg>` tags or inside of lit-html {% api "svg" "svg" %} templates. If the input contains an `<svg>` tag itself, continue to use `unsafeHTML`.

```js
// shape is SVG partial text, with no <svg> element
const renderShape = (shape) => html`
  <svg  width="100" height="100" viewBox="0 0 100 100">
    ${unsafeSVG(shape)}
  </svg>
`;
```
