One way your component can react to property changes is to compute values based on the new and existing property values.

The `willUpdate()` callback is the ideal place to do these calculations in Lit. It's called near the beginning up the update cycle, before the component renders, so any properties you calculate during `willUpdate()` are available in your `render()` method.

The `willUpdate()` callback receives a map of changed properties as an argument, where the keys are property names and the values are the old values for each changed property.

If your computed value is **only** used for rendering and is cheap to compute, you can do the computation in the `render()` method itself. However, if the property is expensive to compute, it's best to compute in `willUpdate()` and do so only when the inputs to the computation change. When computing a value in `willUpdate()`, it should be stored as a property on the element. This way the value can be used in `render()`, in an event listener, or it could be part of the element's public API.

In this example, the component has two string properties, `forward` and `backward`. The user can update either one, and the component needs to determine which property the user updated, and update the other property.

Add the `willUpdate()` callback:

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
  willUpdate(changedProperties: PropertyValues<this>) {
    if (changedProperties.has('forward')) {
      this.backward = this.forward.split('').reverse().join('');
    }

    if (changedProperties.has('backward')) {
      this.forward = this.backward.split('').reverse().join('');
    }
  }
```

```js
  willUpdate(changedProperties) {
    if (changedProperties.has('forward')) {
      this.backward = this.forward.split('').reverse().join('');
    }

    if (changedProperties.has('backward')) {
      this.forward = this.backward.split('').reverse().join('');
    }
  }
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

Updating a reactive property during an update cycle callback like `willUpdate()` or `render()` does not trigger a new update cycle. Setting `backward` or `forward` in `willUpdate()` makes the new value available to `render()`, but doesn't trigger another update!
