You've polished the tooltip's behavior with animations. Now it's time to ensure
great performance. Since a tooltip displays only when the user interacts its
target, it doesn't need to be created until then. If a page uses a lot of
tooltips, which is not uncommon, adding this optimization can speed up initial
page rendering by a meaningful amount.

To do this, create a `static` method on the element class called `lazy`. It will
setup event listeners on the target element that listen on the same events
used to trigger the tooltip. Call a supplied callback function
the first time one of these events is triggered and if a tooltip element is
returned, show it for the target. Near the top of the class definition, add:

```ts
static lazy(target: Element, callback: (target: Element) => SimpleTooltip|undefined) {
  let called = false;
  enterEvents.forEach(name => target.addEventListener(name, () => {
    if (!called) {
      called = true;
      const tooltip  = callback(target);
      if (tooltip) {
        target.parentNode!.insertBefore(tooltip, target.nextSibling);
        tooltip.show();
      }
    }
  }, {once: true}));
}
```
<aside class="info">The <code>once</code> option is used to automatically
remove the event listener after it fires once. Since the callback should be
called only once and there are multiple triggering events, a flag is used to
manage the state.</aside>

Now open the `my-content.ts` module and change one of the tooltips to use
the `lazy` method. To do so, first add an `id` to the target and remove the
inline tooltip:

```html
<p>
  <span id="greeting">Hello, ${this.name}!</span>
</p>
```

Then add a `firstUpdated` method to setup the call to `lazy`:

```ts
firstUpdated() {
  const greeting = this.shadowRoot!.getElementById('greeting')!;
  SimpleTooltip.lazy(greeting, () => {
    const tip = document.createElement('simple-tooltip') as SimpleTooltip;
    tip.innerHTML = `${this.name}, there's coffee available in the lounge.`;
    return tip;
  });
}
```

The tooltip for the greeting element should work the same now, but it's created
on demand when one of the "enter" events is triggered. If you do this for
all tooltips, you can ensure they don't impose a performance penalty on
initial page render.
