The tooltip supports good performance via lazy creation, but using the
`lazy` API is cumbersome. In addition, the tooltip content
doesn't update when the greeted person's name changes.

A [Lit directive](https://lit.dev/docs/templates/custom-directives/) can address these issues by encapsulating the tooltip's `lazy`
API. Users of the directive will use an
[element expression](https://lit.dev/docs/templates/expressions/#element-expressions)
on the target element and provide a
[TemplateResult](https://lit.dev/docs/libraries/standalone-templates/#rendering-lit-html-templates)
containing the tooltip content.

A scaffold for the directive is set up for you with the `update` method already
completed. It stores the directive `part` and the `tooltipContent` passed in so
you can use them in the methods you'll add: `setupLazy` and
`renderTooltipContent`.

Implement the `setupLazy` method. It should set `didSetupLazy`
so that it's only called once and then call `SimpleTooltip.lazy`. The call to
`lazy` will store the `tooltip` on the directive and then call the
`renderTooltipContent` method that you'll implement next.

### simple-tooltip.<ts-js></ts-js>

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
setupLazy() {
  this.didSetupLazy = true;
  SimpleTooltip.lazy(this.part!.element, (tooltip: SimpleTooltip) => {
    this.tooltip = tooltip;
    this.renderTooltipContent();
  });
}
```

```js
setupLazy() {
  this.didSetupLazy = true;
  SimpleTooltip.lazy(this.part.element, (tooltip) => {
    this.tooltip = tooltip;
    this.renderTooltipContent();
  });
}
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

Next implement the `renderTooltipContent` method. It will call Lit's
`render` function to render the `tooltipContent` into the tooltip element.
You'll use the part's `renderOptions` so they stay in sync. Also, make sure
to import `render` from Lit.

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
import {html, css, LitElement, render} from 'lit';
//...

renderTooltipContent() {
  render(this.tooltipContent, this.tooltip!, this.part!.options);
}
```

```js
import {html, css, LitElement, render} from 'lit';
//...

renderTooltipContent() {
  render(this.tooltipContent, this.tooltip, this.part.options);
}
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

Now open the <code>my-content.<ts-js></ts-js></code> module. That cumbersome
code you previously added to call `lazy` in `firstUpdated` has been removed.
Import the `tooltip` directive, find the greeting, and add the directive there.

### my-content.<ts-js></ts-js>
```ts
import {tooltip} from './simple-tooltip.js';
```

```html
<p>
  <span ${tooltip(html`${this.name}, there's coffee available in the lounge.`)}>
    Hello, ${this.name}!
  </span>
</p>
```

{% aside "info" "no-header" %}

The `TooltipDirective` is just rendering text here, but since the directive
takes any value Lit can render, it could include rich HTML elements like images
or tables.

{% endaside %}

Finally, interact with the greeting to verify that the tooltip works.
