## Custom Elements

Web components are a collection of 4 native web APIs. They are:

* ES Modules
* Custom Elements
* Shadow DOM
* HTML Templates

You've likely already used the ES modules specification, which allows you to create JavaScript modules with imports and exports that are loaded into the page with `<script type=”module”>`.

## Defining a Custom Element

The custom elements specification lets users define their own HTML elements using JavaScript. The names must contain a hyphen (`-`) to differentiate them from native browser elements. Clear the `index.js` file and define a custom element class:

### index.js

{% switchable-sample %}

```ts
class RatingElement extends HTMLElement {}

customElements.define('rating-element', RatingElement);
```

```js
class RatingElement extends HTMLElement {}

customElements.define('rating-element', RatingElement);
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

A custom element is defined by associating a class that extends `HTMLElement` with a hyphenated tag name. The call to `customElements.define` tells the browser to associate the class `RatingElement` with the tagName `'rating-element'`. This means that every element in your document with the name `<rating-element>` will be associated with this class.

<aside class="warning">
Since <code>customElements.define</code> has a global scope, you cannot currently call it more than once for the same tag name even if the same class definition is given.
</aside>

Place a `<rating-element>` in the document body and see what renders.

### index.html

```html
<body>
 <rating-element></rating-element>
</body>
```

Now, looking at the output, you'll see that nothing has rendered. This is expected, because you haven't told the browser how to render `<rating-element>`. You can confirm that the custom element definition has succeeded by right-clicking on the *result preview window*, selecting "inspect" or "inspect element", and checking the constructor of the `<rating-element>` by calling the following expression in the console:

```text
document.querySelector('rating-element').constructor
```

Which should output:

```js
class RatingElement extends HTMLElement {}
```
