## Congratulations!

You've built a "vanilla" web component and converted it to a Lit-based web component!

You've also converted an unreadable&nbsp;<ts-js>
  <span slot="js">101</span>
  <span slot="ts">99</span>
</ts-js>-line vanilla web component with a 27-line html template to a&nbsp;<ts-js>
  <span slot="js">75</span>
  <span slot="ts">68</span>
</ts-js>-line Lit-based web component template-and-all!

## What do Lit templates do again?

Lit's rendering system does the following:

* Efficiently renders and updates DOM.
* Centralize the majority of your DOM logic in a single place.
* Enables you to easily package your template with your component.
* Allows you to write templates without the need for a compiler.
* Enables you to write readable, declarative templates and code with a special binding syntax.
* And much more!

## What does LitElement do again?

`LitElement`, Lit's web component base class does the following:

* Handles converting attributes to properties.
* Handles reflecting properties back into attributes.
* Provides a render and re-render reactive lifecycle.
* Handles your re-renders efficiently and asynchronously.
* And does all of this without a build and only ~5kb of code!

`LitElement` also enables many more advanced features as the Lit team & community has been building an ecosystem of tooling around it. Learn more by reading the [Lit Documentation](/docs/)!

## What's Next?

* [Reactivity Tutorial (beginner)](/tutorials/reactivity/)
* [Custom Attribute Converters Tutorial (intermediate)](/tutorials/custom-attribute-converter/)
* [Lit for React Developers Codelab](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/lit-2-for-react-devs).*
